DOC Nested RequestHandlers (#415)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/02_Controllers/02_Routing.md

Reviewer: I'm getting fatigue from seeing `RequestHandler` everywhere... maybe whenever we're talking about a request handler more generally (e.g. any time you're saying "pass to the `RequestHandler`" or "...the matched `RequestHandler`) we can just say "request handler"?

Author: Have updated to use "request handler" more

Reviewer: You've used the phrase "the URL is effectively truncated from the left" twice here... I'm not sure what it means though? Is there another way you can phrase that?
(this was previously requested in https://github.com/silverstripe/developer-docs/pull/415#discussion_r1416536251)

Author: Replaced with "the next portion of the URL is processed"

// app/src/Control/RequestHandlerOne.php
namespace App\Control;

use SilverStripe\Control\Controller;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPRequest;

class RequestHandlerOne extends Controller
{
    // ...
    private static $allowed_actions = [
        'two',
    ];

    public function two(HTTPRequest $request)
    {
        return RequestHandlerTwo::create();
    }
}
```

```php
// app/src/Control/RequestHandlerTwo.php
namespace App\Control;

use SilverStripe\Control\Controller;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPRequest;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse;

class RequestHandlerTwo extends Controller
{
    // ...
    private static $allowed_actions = [
        'hello',
    ];

    public function hello(HTTPRequest $request)
    {
        return HTTPResponse::create()->setBody('hello');
    }
}
```

### How `RequestHandler` and `Form` work together

`Form` does not extend `RequestHandler`, instead it implements the [`HasRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HasRequestHandler) interface which defines a method `getRequestHandler()`. [`Form::getRequestHandler()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form::getRequestHandler()) returns a `FormRequestHandler` which is a subclass of `RequestHandler`.

> Request handlers and implementors of `HasRequestHandler` are treated the same because they will both end up calling `handleRequest()` on the subclass of the appropriate request handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request handlers and implementors of `HasRequestHandler` are treated the same because they will both end up calling `handleRequest()` on the appropriate request handler.
```
Sorry, should have caught this last time.

In Silverstripe CMS versions prior to 4.6, an empty key (`''`) must be used in place of the `'/'` key. When specifying an HTTP method, the empty string must be separated from the method (e.g. `'GET '`). The empty key and slash key are also equivalent in Director rules.
[/alert]

> ## Nested RequestHandlers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Nested `RequestHandler` instances
```
RequestHandler is a class name - it must be in backticks.
Alternatively, you could do this:

```suggestion
## Nested request handlers
```
In that case we're not referring to the class name, but the general concept of a request handler - so it has to be a sentence style header.

> ## Nested RequestHandlers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nested `RequestHandler` instances
```
RequestHandler is a class name - it must be in backticks.
Alternatively, you could do this:

```suggestion
## Nested request handlers
```
In that case we're not referring to the class name, but the general concept of a request handler - so it has to be a sentence style header.

Author: Updated to use request handlers

> Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without yml configuration.  Nesting is done by returning a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) from an action method on another [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), usually a [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without YAML configuration.  Nesting is done by returning a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) from an action method on another [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), usually a [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller).
```

Reviewer: `yml` is the extension for YAML files

Author: Updated

> Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without yml configuration.  Nesting is done by returning a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) from an action method on another [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), usually a [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without yml configuration. Nesting is done by returning a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) from an action method on another [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), usually a [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller).
```
Just removing a double-space

Author: Updated

> Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without yml configuration.  Nesting is done by returning a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) from an action method on another [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), usually a [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without yml configuration.  Nesting is done by returning a `RequestHandler` from an action method on another `RequestHandler`, usually a [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller).
```
We only need a link the first time we mention it. Too many links will make the text harder to read.

Author: Updated

> `RequestHandler` is the base class for other classes that can handle HTTP requests such as [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller), [`FormRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler) (used by [`Form`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form)) and [`FormField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RequestHandler` is the base class for other classes that can handle HTTP requests such as `Controller`, [`FormRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler) (used by [`Form`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form)) and [`FormField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField).
```
We only need links the first time we mention them.

Author: Updated

### How it works

> [`Director::handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director::handleRequest()) begins the url parsing process by parsing the start of the URL and workng out which [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) subclass to use, looking in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Director::handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director::handleRequest()) begins the URL parsing process by parsing the start of the URL and workng out which [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) subclass to use, looking in:
```

Author: Updated

> [`Director::handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director::handleRequest()) begins the url parsing process by parsing the start of the URL and workng out which [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) subclass to use, looking in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Director::handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director::handleRequest()) begins the url parsing process by parsing the start of the URL and workng out which `RequestHandler` subclass to use, looking in:
```

Author: Updated

> - Routes set in yml config under Director `rules`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Routes set in YAML config under [`Director.rules`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director->rules)
```

Author: Updated

> - For `/admin` routes specifically, the `$url_segment` config for subclasses of `LeftAndMain`

Reviewer: This makes it sound like `Director` is actually checking for the `$url_segment` in `LeftAndMain` subclasses.... but it's not. Director is just passing control of the request to `AdminRootController` because that's what `/admin` routes to (it's literally defined in `Director.rules` the same as all routes are), and then `AdminRootController` looks from there to find which `LeftAndMain` subclass (actually, which class returned from `CMSMenu::get_cms_classes()`) matches from there.

We don't need to go into all that much detail probably, but perhaps something like this would be more accurate:

```suggestion
- For `/admin` routes specifically, control of the request is passed to [`AdminRootController`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\AdminRootController)
```
Up to you if you then want to talk about the way this nests down to the `LeftAndMain` subclasses.

Author: Have removed reference to LeftAndMain and mentioned AdminRootController in the "Example of an AJAX `FormField` that uses nested `RequestHandler`'s" below

> When a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) matching the first portion of the URL is found, the `handleRequest()` method on the matched [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) subclass is called. This passes control to the matched [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) and the URL is effectively truncated from the left, removing the portion that lead to ths point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `RequestHandler` matching the first portion of the URL is found, the [`handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler::handleRequest()) method on the matched subclass is called. This passes control to the matched `RequestHandler` and the URL is effectively truncated from the left, removing the portion that lead to ths point.
```

Author: Updated

> From there regular request handling occurs and URL will be check to see if it matches `$allowed_actions` on the [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), possibly routed via `$url_handlers`. If an `$allowed_action` i.e. method on the [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) is matched, if that method returns a [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), then control will now be passed to this nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) and the URL is again effectively truncated from the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there regular request handling occurs and the URL will be checked to see if it matches `$allowed_actions` on the `RequestHandler`, possibly routed via `$url_handlers`. If an `$allowed_action` (i.e. method on the `RequestHandler`) is matched and that method returns a `RequestHandler`, then control will be passed to this nested `RequestHandler` and the URL is again effectively truncated from the left.
```

> the URL is again effectively truncated from the left.

This part is a little hard to parse... can you please use simpler language to explain that? Or provide a simple example of what that looks like?

Author: Updated

> ### Example of a nested RequestHandler being returned in an action method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of a nested `RequestHandler` being returned in an action method
```
Class name in backticks.

Author: Updated

> - There is yml routing directing the path `one` to `RequestHandlerOne`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is YAML routing directing the path `one` to `RequestHandlerOne`
```

Author: Updated

- There is a class `RequestHandlerOne` with `$allowed_actions = ['two']`, and a `two()` method returning `RequestHandlerTwo::create();`
- There is a class `RequestHandlerTwo` with `$allowed_actions = ['hello']`, and a `hello()` method returning `HTTPResponse::create()->setBody('hello');`

> - Navigating to the URL `/one/two/hello` will return a response with a body of "hello"

Reviewer: What is `RequestHandlerOne`? Where does the URL `/one/two/hello` come from? All of these examples seem like they really need either some code, or a concrete example that actually exists so we can refer to the classes and the actual routes.

Author: Added regular code examples

> ### Form, HasRequestHandler, FormRequestHandler, and FormField

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `Form`, `HasRequestHandler`, `FormRequestHandler`, and `FormField`
```
Class names in backticks. Though in this case it's probably better to have a heading that tells you what this section will be about rather than just some class names:

```suggestion
### How `RequestHandler` and `Form` work together
```

Author: Updated

> [`Form`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form) does not extend [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), instead it implements the [`HasRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HasRequestHandler) interface that requires a method `getRequestHandler()`. [`Form::getRequestHandler()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form::getRequestHandler()) returns a [`FormRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler) which is a subclass of [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Form`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form) does not extend `RequestHandler`, instead it implements the [`HasRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HasRequestHandler) interface which defines a method `getRequestHandler()`. [`Form::getRequestHandler()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form::getRequestHandler()) returns a [`FormRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler) which is a subclass of `RequestHandler`.
```

Author: Updated though removed the api links to Form and FormRequestHandler because it's already defined in the ## Nested request handlers section

> Subclasses of [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) and implementors of [`HasRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HasRequestHandler) are treated the same because they will both end up calling `handleRequest()` on the subclass of the appropriate [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclasses of `RequestHandler` and implementors of `HasRequestHandler` are treated the same because they will both end up calling `handleRequest()` on the subclass of the appropriate `RequestHandler` subclass.
```

Author: Updated

> [`FormRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler) includes a `$url_handler` entry `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` which allows it to handle requests to form fields on the form. [`FormRequestHandler::handleField()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler::handleField()) will find the form field matching `$FieldName` and return it. Control is then passed to the returned form field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FormRequestHandler` includes a `$url_handler` entry `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` which allows it to handle requests to form fields on the form. [`FormRequestHandler::handleField()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler::handleField()) will find the form field matching `$FieldName` and return it. Control is then passed to the returned form field.
```

Author: Updated though removed the api link to FormRequestHandler because it's already defined in the `## Nested request handlers` section

> [`FormField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField) extends [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler), which means that form fields are able to handle HTTP requests and have the `$allowed_actions` config. This allows form fields have define their own AJAX endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`FormField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField) extends `RequestHandler`, which means that form fields are able to handle HTTP requests and have the `$allowed_actions` configuration property. This allows form fields to define their own AJAX endpoints without having to rely on separately routed `RequestHandler` implementations.
```

Author: Updated though remove the api link to FormField because it's already defined in the `## Nested request handlers` section

> ### Example of an AJAX `FormField` that uses nested `RequestHandler`'s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of an AJAX `FormField` that uses a nested `RequestHandler`
```

Author: Updated to use regular words instead of back tick classnames

>  The "Viewer groups" dropdown AJAX request when viewing file details in asset admin has an endpoint of `/admin/assets/fileEditForm/{FileID}/field/ViewerGroups/tree?format=json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The AJAX request performed by the "Viewer groups" dropdown in asset admin has an endpoint of `/admin/assets/fileEditForm/{FileID}/field/ViewerGroups/tree?format=json`
```

Author: Updated

> - `assets` matches the `$url_segment = 'assets` of `AssetAdmin extends LeftAndMain`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assets` matches against the `$url_segment` configuration property of `AssetAdmin`, so control of the request is passed to `AssetAdmin::handleRequest()`
```

Author: I've updated this whole section to try and have a consistent way to referring to each bit. I'll mention that here and not reply to other individual comments in this section re wording

> - `assets` matches the `$url_segment = 'assets` of `AssetAdmin extends LeftAndMain`

Reviewer: You've missed off how `admin` matches

Author: Added

> - `fileEditForm/{FileID}` matches the `'fileEditForm/$ID' => 'fileEditForm'` rule from `AssetAdmin` `$url_handlers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fileEditForm/{FileID}` matches the `'fileEditForm/$ID' => 'fileEditForm'` rule from `AssetAdmin.url_handlers`, which passes the request to the `fileEditForm()` method
```

> - `AssetAdmin::fileEditForm()` will return a `Form` scaffolded for the `File` matching the `FileID`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AssetAdmin::fileEditForm()` will return a `Form` object
```
The file ID isn't relevant yet, I think? Or if it is, it wasn't clear to me how the ID is relevant at this step.

> - `Form::getRequestHandler()` will be called on the `Form` which returns a `LeftAndMainFormRequestHandler extends FormRequestHandler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Form::getRequestHandler()` will be called on the `Form` which returns a `LeftAndMainFormRequestHandler`
```

> - `field/ViewerGroups` will matches the `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` rule from `FormRequestHandler` `$url_handlers`

Reviewer: It feels like there should be an item just before this one for the ID?

```suggestion
- `field/ViewerGroups` will match the `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` rule from `FormRequestHandler.url_handlers`
```

> - `field/ViewerGroups` will matches the `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` rule from `FormRequestHandler` `$url_handlers`
> - `FormRequestHandler::handleField()` will find the `ViewerGroups` field from the `Form`, the field is a `TreeMultiselectField extends TreeDropdownField`

Reviewer: These two steps, the "`field/ViewerGroups` will match...." and  "`FormRequestHandler::handleField()` will find the `ViewerGroups` field..." are really one step.

```suggestion
- `FormRequestHandler::handleField()` will find the `ViewerGroups` field (which matches `field/ViewerGroups`) from the `Form`, the field is a `TreeMultiselectField`
```

> - `tree` will match the `$allowed_action` rule `tree` on `TreeDropdownField`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tree` will match the `$allowed_action` rule `tree` on `TreeDropdownField`, so control is passed to the `tree()` method.
```

> - `TreeDropdownField::tree()` will return an `HTTPResponse` with its body containing JSON

Reviewer: If this is intended to be the order of operations, it should be an ordered list, with a sentence before it that explains what the list is. Something like "That URL ends up passing the request through a series of nested request handlers. This is the path it takes:"

Author: Updated

In Silverstripe CMS versions prior to 4.6, an empty key (`''`) must be used in place of the `'/'` key. When specifying an HTTP method, the empty string must be separated from the method (e.g. `'GET '`). The empty key and slash key are also equivalent in Director rules.
[/alert]

## Nested request handlers

Nested [`RequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler) routing is used extensively in the CMS and is used to create URL endpoints without YAML configuration. Nesting is done by returning a `RequestHandler` from an action method on another `RequestHandler`, usually a `Controller`.

`RequestHandler` is the base class for other classes that can handle HTTP requests such as `Controller`, [`FormRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler) (used by [`Form`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form)) and [`FormField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField).

### How it works

> [`Director::handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director::handleRequest()) begins the URL parsing process by parsing the start of the URL and workng out which request handler subclass to use by looking in routes set in YAML config under `Director.rules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Director::handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director::handleRequest()) begins the URL parsing process by parsing the start of the URL and workng out which request handler to use by looking in routes set in YAML config under `Director.rules`.
```
When we're not using the `RequestHandler` class reference, "subclass" is redundant.

Author: Updated

> When a request handler matching the first portion of the URL is found, the `handleRequest()` method on the matched request handler subclass is called. This passes control to the matched request handler and the URL is effectively truncated from the left, removing the portion that lead to ths point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a request handler matching the first portion of the URL is found, the `handleRequest()` method on the matched request handler is called. This passes control to the matched request handler and the URL is effectively truncated from the left, removing the portion that lead to ths point.
```

Author: Updated

From there regular request handling occurs and the URL will be checked to see if it matches `$allowed_actions` on the `RequestHandler`, possibly routed via `$url_handlers`. If an `$allowed_action` (i.e. method on the `RequestHandler`) is matched and that method returns a request handler, then control will be passed to this nested request handler and the URL is again effectively truncated from the left.

> ### Example of anested request handler being returned in an action method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of a nested request handler being returned in an action method
```

Author: Updated

Using the code below, navigating to the URL `/one/two/hello` will return a response with a body of "hello"

```yml
// app/_config/routes.yml

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No space after file path, unless the next line is also a comment

Author: Updated

SilverStripe\Control\Director:
  rules:

>     'one': 'RequestHandlerOne'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'one': 'App\Control\RequestHandlerOne'
```
This is another reason why adding namespaces is important in these examples - it helps to illustrate how the FQCN from PHP relates to the YAML configuration.

Author: Updated

```

```php

> // app/src/RequestHandlerOne.php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// app/src/Control/RequestHandlerOne.php
namespace App\Control;
```
Namespaces are best practice. 

The file path here is also not necessary to the example, and could be removed if you prefer not having it.

Reviewer: Please also add a namespace to the other example.

Author: Updated

use SilverStripe\Control\Controller;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPRequest;

class RequestHandlerOne extends Controller
{
    private static $allowed_actions = [
        'two',
    ];

    public function two(HTTPRequest $request)
    {
        return RequestHandlerTwo::create();
    }
}
```

```php
// app/src/RequestHandlerTwo.php

use SilverStripe\Control\Controller;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPRequest;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse;

class RequestHandlerTwo extends Controller

> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{
    // ...
```
There's other stuff you'd probably include here in a real controller, such as a URL segment for the Link method to auto populate. Commenting a ... here means "we're only showing you the relevant bits, but there are other best practices here for you to implement yourself"

Reviewer: Please do this with the other example as well.

Author: I've added this though I can't help thinking that it's kind of implied anyway since they're just examples.  Other examples in the file don't have these, I don't think they're necessary or add anything

    private static $allowed_actions = [
        'hello',
    ];

    public function hello(HTTPRequest $request)
    {
        return HTTPResponse::create()->setBody('hello');
    }
}
```

### How `RequestHandler` and `Form` work together

`Form` does not extend `RequestHandler`, instead it implements the [`HasRequestHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HasRequestHandler) interface which defines a method `getRequestHandler()`. [`Form::getRequestHandler()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Form::getRequestHandler()) returns a `FormRequestHandler` which is a subclass of `RequestHandler`.

> Request handler subclasses and implementors of `HasRequestHandler` are treated the same because they will both end up calling `handleRequest()` on the subclass of the appropriate request handler subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request handlers and implementors of `HasRequestHandler` are treated the same because they will both end up calling `handleRequest()` on the subclass of the appropriate request handler.
```

Author: Updated

The `FormRequestHandler.url_handlers` configuration property includes an entry `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` which allows it to handle requests to form fields on the form. [`FormRequestHandler::handleField()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler::handleField()) will find the form field matching `$FieldName` and return it. Control is then passed to the returned form field.

`FormField` extends `RequestHandler`, which means that form fields are able to handle HTTP requests and they have their own `$allowed_actions` configuration property. This allows form fields to define their own AJAX endpoints without having to rely on separately routed `RequestHandler` implementations.

> ### Example of an AJAX form field that uses nested request handlers's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of an AJAX form field that uses nested request handlers
```

Author: Updated

The AJAX request performed by the "Viewer groups" dropdown in asset admin has an endpoint of `/admin/assets/fileEditForm/{FileID}/field/ViewerGroups/tree?format=json`

> That URL ends up passing the request through a series of nested request handlers, which is detailed in the step below. Unless otherwise stated, the `handleRequest()` method is called on the class that has control. Control starts with [`Director`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That URL ends up passing the request through a series of nested request handlers, which is detailed in the steps below. Unless otherwise stated, the `handleRequest()` method is called on the class that has control. Control starts with [`Director`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Director).
```

Author: Updated

> 1. `admin` matches a rule in `Director.rules` YAML config and passed control to `AdminRootController`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `admin` matches a rule in the `Director.rules` YAML configuration property and control is passed to `AdminRootController`
```

Author: Updated

1. `assets` matches the `AssetAdmin.url_segment` property that has a value of `assets` and control is passed to `AssetAdmin`

> 1. `fileEditForm/{FileID}` matches `'fileEditForm/$ID' => 'fileEditForm'` in `AssetAdmin.url_handlers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `fileEditForm/{FileID}` matches `'fileEditForm/$ID' => 'fileEditForm'` in `AssetAdmin.url_handlers` so the `AssetAdmin::fileEditForm()` method is called
```

Author: Updated

> 1. `AssetAdmin::fileEditForm()` returns a `Form` scaffolded for the `File` matching the `FileID` and control is passed to the returned `Form`

Reviewer: I don't understand how the form is "scaffolded for the `File` matching the `FileID` or how that shaves the `FileID` part off the URL

Author: Basically `AssetAdmin::fileEditForm($FileID): Form` -  Does that make sense?

Reviewer: Ahhhh okay for some reason my brain wasn't matching `FileID` with `ID`... might be worth swapping that out to just be `ID` (the fact that it's an ID of a file is less important for this documentation than that it's an ID and matches the ID part of the rule) - but I'll let you decide whether you want to change that or not.

Author: Changed FileID to ID

1. `Form::getRequestHandler()` will be called on the `Form` and control is passed to the `FormRequestHandler` that is returned

> 1. `field/ViewerGroups` matches `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` in `FormRequestHandler.url_handlers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `field/ViewerGroups` matches `'field/$FieldName!' => 'handleField'` in `FormRequestHandler.url_handlers`, so `FormRequestHandler::handleField()` is called
```

Author: Updated

1. `FormRequestHandler::handleField()` finds the `ViewerGroups` field in the `Form` which is a `TreeMultiselectField` that extends `TreeDropdownField` and control is passed to the field

> 1. `tree` matches `tree` in `TreeDropdownField.allowed_actions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `tree` matches `tree` in `TreeDropdownField.allowed_actions`, so `TreeDropdownField.tree()` is called
```

Author: Updated
